so we are an Orlando Florida tomorrow is
when I get serious at tomorrow's I start
training right now with driving it's my
new home for a couple months and I'm
just excited you remembers 1207 this is
a nice plenty fun I'm exhausted
and I gotta be up so early I started
playing football when I was 7 years old
but my dad was telling me when I was a
little kid like 2 3 4 years old
instead of being playing with my toys
and all that I used to just always be
attached to his hip watching Jets game
and I always just say that I would play
football and that's what i'ma do when I
grow up and I would be an NFL and it's
kind of funny how everything is kind of
coming together now the 40 I know I
obviously what I ran in college without
stop watching and we both know that that
electric time something serious
doing research and everything Zeke
ran forth to me in college he was sent
in for Cushing McAfee ran for three in
college kids McAfee became I ran for
four nine and zeager in full for six
Elliott's for four six
you really can lose or make money off
this if I were one of four seven
I Drive gonna drop 542 943 just over
without my solidified me being a top
five pick mm-hmm you gotta take you got
to take it serious
I'm signing I wish I could be active on
it I think I could take when it comes to
the 40-yard dash time is money in just
four days after his final college game
say qualm Barkley has wasted neither
arriving in Orlando to beginners
training with combine prep guru Tom Shaw
I actually develop a relationship with
Tom Shaw when I was in college for
spring break our spring break instead of
going to all these other places that we
came out here to Train did you see where
he was in a parade a perfect line and he
is just gonna run right out of that
position all right Tom Shaw's Tom Shaw
there's a reason why he got five or
seven of the fastest 40 times in combat
history he's the best at what he do he's
a pioneer for this and I want to be one
of the best of my positions and one of
the best in NFL so if he wouldn't be one
of the best you got a photo combine you
got a train for the train with the best
you break it down to like like far as
your hand placement everyone here I
don't see any of this any shaking
everyone's using her arms that's perfect
what'd you do with your elbows those
four leaned up tall and fall fall
forward stay forward we want to use the
quads the hip flexors and the glutes the
strongest muscles in our legs and that's
gonna help us keep our push the drive
how long you push the drive we have
eight strides all right
skip just skip like you skipped like you
were a little kid that's it that's it
that's it speed versus technique it's
the delicate balance on which are strong
combine performance hangs and it takes
time for even the top prospects to
master
[Music]
we're running 20s we're time in 20s I
want you to work on holding your start
stay in there don't move lock it in
then we're gonna time this 20
[Music]
two six nine not aboard
hey what was different about that rep
than the other ones whatever you got to
do to let your arms and your legs come
through
I'm good with solid good job staying
relaxed isn't always easy on the path to
NFL stardom especially in the presence
of someone who's walked it before I was
like warming up I looked over in my head
I'm like nah
that's not our g3 it's here like that I
can't leave looking at in late like I'm
way over that can't be in three hours
crazy
Oh rg3 really in uh I got Cooley I was a
big fan of his anybody is a big fan of
him and Johnny Manziel and all those
guys all those hot new winners don't
understand how bad that boy was at
college he ran a full four one point
greatest athlete playing quarterback in
football in the country
he was at a league level at one time and
everyone they respect his king he was a
dollar bro deal they owned for they
found oh shut up you don't you came up
to me it was a hello say Quan
he was like Robert Griffin and I'm like
I know who you are him recognizing me
and knowing me and be able to be in that
same setting as him and finally get that
conversation while heard you three was
awesome
that's so crazy he really was a dog I
don't get a mincer breakfast lunch and
dinners all in here in these containers
just take them out just breakfast look i
mean breakfast dinner and lunch right
here i got some fruit some yogurt
it's a meal prep service out here in
Carlsbad that helps me out egg white
sausage and potatoes you know just the
five star breakfast I get it's not just
his meals that are planned everything
Bradley chub does has a purpose even on
his off day this is a technique called
intermittent cysts is soft tissue
mobilization helps improve circulation
and get the fashion move in
been nice and healthy the whole time
just me working on maintenance right now
I'd be a cryotherapy yesterday like oh
my god it was so freaking cold out awful
I'm gonna do it for the rest of the week
though
so we're fine
[Music]
no joke photos in right now just as
important as maintaining his body is
maintaining his mind I usually come out
here pretty much probably three times a
week just like of a leg just sit down
and throw it away and just clear my hand
for a little bit about a week into the
combine I'm a little nervous just
because I don't know what to expect but
I feel like it's all gonna be all gonna
work out how I wanted to work out
I'm just excited for the next chapter of
my life I've been working so hard to get
to NFL and the journey finally
unraveling Michelle song this is really
exciting it's crazy you like going for
PA to Florida because like every body of
water you see there's a sign saying be
careful and it's a alligator or snakes
on me I would never go swimming or
anything and stuff like that so like you
don't gotta put a sign up this for me
cuz that's just a given in his free time
say qualm Barkley faces his fears the
same way he does a defender head on
what's up guys how you doing
welcome to Gator land our total
inventory of Gators of crocodiles
we have 2498 what's the difference we
negate it in a crocodile misspelling
shape of the nose alligators the easiest
way alligators got a rounded u-shaped
nose whereas crocodiles a long skinny
like the letter V
you see them you see I get bit by one
these days you're not I guess it like
like I said we want you to leave with
the same amount of holes you came with
you know come on you're fine I'm ready
I'm gonna stay right here
you turn you go get me so he's not gonna
turn and get you okay touching him see
him he's staying right there he's not
even moving I could see his eye he's not
moving
oh film you're good let's see this big
guy he's the biggest one we've
officially measured stay right where you
are okay
don't jump away he already did no we got
buy new shorts in the gift shop for you
no oh now we getting too close right
come on Gator let's go oh well you kind
of close yeah let's go come on Gator
let's go tripping
you food at eight in the water but
alligators say what am i getting I was I
was I thought we gonna be over here
don't look at him I'm not doing that I'm
not doing that I'm gonna draw a line in
the sand for you guys not to cross that
line okay oh that was a crossing boy no
we're getting in we're coming in man
that's how you got to feed them can't
just feed them over the fence all right
we're gonna we're gonna feed him right
here don't worry I promise you nothing's
gonna happen okay
if anything push him down you're quicker
than the hem yeah all right
[Music]
they come and they bout to eat us okay
yeah I'm gonna be closer I get call shit
again to the end do you get me propose
you come in you're fine you're fine
right here trust me you're planning a
tour on the don't push me hater of it
you're ready okay you put ass he's
growling look at the already got it's
cool video bye hissing at me what are
you what are you thinking right now huh
what are you thinking I'm thinking let
me ask Ibaka oh oh you're good
I'm open right now I'm over whoopee you
get a piece you'll get a piece get up
get up
[Music]
you guys are gonna kneel down right here
alright everybody smile I woke up around
five o'clock this morning just to make
sure I got Airport on top there's the
big job interview in my life so I just
gotta be logged in as much as possible
just trying to keep state light-hearted
though and just understand that because
it ones lifetime opportunity take one
Berkeley you guys are all gonna have a
legend with you and your group
throughout the week so you've got some
information on them back there then you
got some information on social media
what you're gonna wear this week I'm
good questions sounds great concerns
before say quantum Berkeley and Bradley
Chuck can take care of business on the
field they have to take care of some off
of it
Berkeley is getting fitted for his draft
suit and Chubb is signing an endorsement
deal with Adidas happy to be here
so you're thinking draft suit not tuxedo
yeah I like the blue idea so the blue
either towards Penn State or I want to
do something towards my high school or
high school cause my room and go
so this is kind of extras cleaning okay
diving into it Eric you and I thought
usually I put these out there today I
like the look of a brown shoes and a
brown belt like that little Bob
so in the top pops up oh absolutely do
you like the wipin yeah I like the white
I like the way better than the black and
just look straight ahead
so I heard some talk that you have these
big quads no I'll still be able to get
the pants tapered at the bottom don't
worry I can work with this not too huge
yeah yeah you're good just try not to
move your toes or anything
here zero scan what size were you
waiting I was willing to 14 you're
closer like 12 12 and a half 14 for five
years no that's just gonna shut the drop
down an apple crazy that would be
covered everywhere best dress is already
been decided once the time oh that's it
I got my mom the combine is just the
first test for the former college stars
but it's a big one it's a chance to
begin a legacy of your own separate from
those who came before you a chance to
inspire those at the top of the draft to
rethink conventional wisdom
[Music]
the start of the final stretch
in a lifelong pursuit of a boyhood dream
[Music]
you ready you see Mandy's got put it out
how's your body bill yeah the
psychological testing 6650 ken is one
team or you got multiple I don't like
pull over I hope you don't say
some 650 you gotta go right let's go get
don't yeah because you I don't want you
I want you to go to sleep tonight I
don't want you have to come back first
thing that we do whenever we get players
in is have them get off the plane come
see us we get them to food we give them
some water then we put them in a pool to
help it gets plane fly down to their
legs depressurize them a little bit get
them hydrated things that's what next
week just a be March knees up toes up
all the way down we're gonna skip it
I'm traveling and sit in a plane for
three hours it's not good for a body I
run in two days and I benched tomorrow
but definitely just flushing on my body
and trying to get myself ready and
prepared not only physically but
mentally that five minutes take the mask
off every morning it's making making it
harder to breathe right now for him so
he'll get his heart rate up quicker and
doesn't have to go as long on the
treadmill as we don't want to fatigue
him because he has to run in two days
you know so I want him to get his heart
rate up because he's been flying and
traveling and doing interviews and stuff
like that before the athletes are tested
physically they go through different
tests it might sound weird but we were
in debt football conversation he goes
what's the square root or not three at
the time when I was asked that question
I was caught off guard and my mind was
so like so far somewhere else that I had
to actually pause and think of violate
well what is the square root of nine but
there's a they do some little stuff like
that to challenge you he's a square root
or not that was Lena mu just talking
about what's the three tech in one
interview I got like a math test like so
I sat down and they asked me to remember
for like four words and so uh I had
those four words in my head and it just
went on a series of math questions like
five times ten that divided by 8 that
just going on and off like fit ten
minutes and I was like my head's
spinning I know telling I don't know
like what to do I don't know what
they're looking for and so after that we
started watching film and just seeing
plays that I had throughout the season
there as I was leaving the room they
asked him for those four words again and
I was like oh man I remember it like
three other four so yeah I was pretty
solid
the questions keep coming and the
running backs are the first group in the
spotlight with all eyes on say Quan
Barclay I see a lot of mock this and
mock that but you can't get caught up in
it you know if you get caught up in it
like I said you take away from yourself
and you're taking away from your craft
and you only can control where you can
control I can't control what the Browns
do I can't control with the Jets -
Giants Colts and so on and so on do I
can control what I do my goals for the
best person of conv and I kind of want
to get into 30s I'm at like 27 28 right
now so if I can get to 30 before next
week a very good 30 reps would be
impressive considering the running back
said this year's combine averaged 17
[Music]
lockout lockout
old short of it like a mouth like a
mouth ah come on tabby let's go come on
let's go Berkeley 29 this kids special
then I wanted dirty birth did I just
Vince when I was here so what was it
what me 9 13 14 years with how I do it
what something really for me routine you
gotta have a routine and I think the
earlier you understand you know what
that routine is no the maintenance
eating right offseason you know taking a
little downtown but getting back to it
downtime then getting right back on it
and then with that routine you know
retain commitments a smaller fine line
that commitment reinforces a routine cuz
everybody attire you know you have your
moments where you don't feel like it
what if you rest too much the other guy
probably work
and your body in show business man a lot
of the guys this is this the fuck that
some of the guys get messed up that they
think they made it instantly made a
cover dollars and now they can just do
this and do that the reason why y'all
here is cuz I'll sacrifice I worked real
hard the only way that y'all gonna stay
here is that they're doing the same
thing because next year it's bullish
just as good as you maybe better that's
coming for your spice every year they
trying to find somebody Fred Fred was
one of the best backs of the likud not
thoroughly back paper they go draft the
back it is a phenomenal year for running
backs I've got 10 running backs with top
three round grades in this group
[Applause]
he just had a vertical leap of 41 inches
last year at the combine
there was only one player who had more
than 25 reps in the weight and restroom
and a vertical leap of 40 inches are
better and it turned out to be the first
overall pick in the draft in miles
Garrett
here comes say Kwan Barkley his 41 inch
vertical is the best of the day
but for backs the 40-yard dash is the
main event what would you say would be a
good time for Barca at 233 pounds
I think anything for 4 or 5 or lower is
outstanding
[Music]
outstanding m1 and for four at 2:33 to
be is outstanding I mean he is a total
freak I'm sweating watching you yes
trust me when he's done working out
we'll be talking more about what he does
in the past catching drills than any of
that stuff that's what makes him unique
at that size what he can do running
routes and catching the football as
special dude all right so this is the
second phase of the running back drills
all right we already got 240 in and now
we're gonna do our specific position
work the low center of gravity that he
naturally house with his right yes
at balls right on top of me caught it
naturally and easily
[Music]
we're done here with day one on Friday
did somebody other than say Quan Barclay
workout today I don't know it was
arguably the best runningback
performance we've seen in our combined
history okay so he did more reps than
Joe Tom better 10-yard split than DeSean
Jackson his 40-yard dash faster than
Devin Hester and it's vertical jump
higher than Julio Jones that's all my
official town was a four-four flat they
couldn t to give me a Miami tripping
O'Connell off day with the 40 I want to
get into the four threes Burt went a
little higher but I put myself into the
top three top two all those events so
I'm not satisfied with it but I can't
complain with it really when you look at
Berkeley in the quarterbacks in you what
do you think
are you the best player either that's
not quarterback I mean my confidence
level is gonna say I'm the best player I
mean I'm not gonna say one person is
better than me but there's a lot of
great players like se Kwang Bartley put
up ridiculous numbers yesterday I mean
yeah say for I was a great player like I
said great athlete and um I'm just gonna
go out there show what I can do I'm not
I'm competing with everybody in his
building of course but I mean at the end
of day after you couldn't just I can
only control what I did for Bradley
Chung and his self-described little
brother syndrome the challenge of
getting noticed on his own merit is
nothing new growing up I watched my
brother just being a gym 24/7 my uncle
had a gym then he worked us out in just
24/7 I saw my brother working and I was
I was about to eighth grade when I saw
him doing this I'm like man
I want to go to the next level like he
is I gotta I gotta do something
different so now we're about to see a
significant pass rusher look he's
probably a top five pick in this draft I
think he's the best edge rusher I think
most teams in those sweets up there
would agree with you every mock draft
has Bradley Chubb being the third
overall pick in this draft seven and
three-quarters right there hold up good
14 Chubb 96.5 it's definitely stressful
but it's father as well just because I'm
growing up watching it on TV you'd
envisioned yourself being there it was
definitely a surreal experience this how
you get what right here you got a little
competition out here I want you cheer
for each other but I want to see some
guys get after Wow
hugger ball explodes
[Music]
now when we run the floor you stay away
from the timer's okay you can get all
your times and all its stuff at the end
of the day so the whole time I was
training I was running like a low four
seven on the 40
[Music]
you get hey your second step is where it
needs to be I don't know what you did in
like two or three days but you figured
it out
well the opportunity to run comms is
like oh wow this is this is what I've
been training for this is what we didn't
prepare for it's Bradley Chuck
[Music]
about that one folks since five and then
when I went out there in the 465 I was
it was something that was like a role
our capabilities did there so I mean I
always happy with that that was probably
one of the big surprises just compared
with Joey Bosa
bolsa was 269 pounds or 816 ran Bartley
job is 269 pounds I feel like I did
pretty well leaving the compound no but
I really had questions about my lettuce
ISM about what kind of person I was so I
feel like I went out there and did
everything I hope to do came in town
last week after the combine
we went out to even when I was sued
blues I looked at the media I saw my
name I was like what does that say
there's that saying my name right there
right here they have a roll named after
him called the Bradley chill bro
basically when we put this thing
together
Bradley without the combine we couldn't
get in touch with them so we just put
all this stuff together that he likes
here and then we add jalapeno because I
think all the quarterbacks around here
thing he's please spicy we are big and
see state fan here
they love him around here
throw a girl tobiko NC State rent okay
I've never seen sushi be made before
honestly before so he had shrimp
imitation crab and crunchy everybody
like crunchy here there you go growing
up I never really like sushi when I got
to cosmos when I first started liking it
I mean I never thought ever since then
I'll have a sushi roll named after you
it's pretty cool to see so and I'm very
appreciative that these guys thought I
was worthy enough to have a sushi roll
named after this he'd be coming here for
years in college now he's flown up
everywhere
same guy always nice best thing I read
amazing in Louisville say qualm Berkeley
spends time at the Muhammad Ali center
with his family and college coach before
being honored and an award ceremony
I'm glad with doing this make sure you
guys learned something today
I'm not talking to you talking to
younger people game learned something to
me my father was a boxer made to go to
clubs I think once or twice my very own
Co was a three-time world champ for
middleweight super middleweight and
light heavyweight not many people have
done that before and it's known for
being Tommy Holmes who's a phenomenal
boxer Muhammad Ali was the first person
that you heard say I'm black and I'm
proud to be black and athletes and I'm
looking at you have a unique platform
where they can be the voice for the
voiceless I always want to have an
impact on people's life I do think that
visit to the Muhammad Ali museum
challenged me to step it up and to
understand that you're more than a flea
and you have a voice and people do look
up to you as a role model
they try to keep my image of me down
like this perfect human being like I
don't do anything wrong I don't want
that because when I do make that one
mistake I don't want to be a people
thing I'm up here and they're gonna try
to shoot me down as fast they can well
make mistakes yes some human I'm a man
and well I'll be honest about my
mistakes when I make them yes well
you're different is you learn from those
experiences and you grow it change where
most people complain how we make the
same mistakes over and over of him I
would love to try to have an impact on
someone's life whether it's a hundred
people was a thousand people whether
it's five at home that's the biggest
thing that I want to do
let them see some of those imperfections
in you so that they don't put you on
this pedestal you can't wake up every
single more for the time you wake up to
the time you go to bed trying to be
perfect it busy either you got to show
some of that because it's there they
kind of get you ain't perfect giving out
to the most versatile player of college
football as a running back that's what
you want to be to be in the same room
with sport morning and Jenn brown on top
of that it's amazing do I keep like that
yeah yeah right you know you pitch let's
go down I've kind of low-key looked up
Oh mascarpone show he's gonna be a
number one draft pick
if you don't go number one somebody's
nuts whoever has that shot not to take
this kid Jim Brown you know they get
much better than Jim Brown momily Jim
Brown were really good friends in both
great role models that's what he did off
the field that whole trip was bigger
than just being Paul Hornung Award
winner they taught me a valuable life
lesson saying thank you like thank you
for salt at the combine you saw what
he's done last three years at Penn State
and all those clips are amazing and
they're impressive but what's important
to me is you talk about a caring
thoughtful intelligent young man I
believe in that young man more than I
could ever possibly express I have a
hundred and twenty-five sons and I have
two daughters and the thing that I
probably want to thank say Kwan the most
for is being an unbelievable big brother
to my two daughters an unbelievable role
model sacrum bark you know you every
single time because I'm so used to
saying coach Franklin talk and your back
your mind you laugh a little but when
you get up here it's not as easy like to
say thank you to my rocks you know my
mother and father those two together
have shaped me into the man I am today
and taught me something since I was a
little kid is you can do anything you
put your mind to that's advice that I
would give to any kid I love me any
person is that you can do anything you
put your mind to
so Braille where'd you learn how to play
spring Thank You school just doing I
don't know come on folks I wanna play
did you beat him yeah I did
and it's all yah-hoo real competitive
these two loves to cheat and then my
brother means to computer everything
like we see you can feather they did in
the fastest to get up the stairs first
like does anything we could do to like
competition why we always do it
Bradley says cheap we say weird
ridiculous
the Chubb family has deep roots in the
state of Georgia that date back to 1864
when Chubb town was founded as a colony
of free blacks you know you grew up or
what our way from here good the thing is
like you said it's the history of the
place here just your granddaddy his
father and his father's brothers no
settled here had all this land you know
there was such sufficient the old saying
teach a man how to fish
yeah he could eat for life yeah so they
talked yourself different things they
was able to you know they had a church
to have blacksmith's here there's a lot
of farmland and stuff here all contained
all containing this little area here
what we call chop town you know yeah
chopped I wrote coming through here and
it's pretty cool to see all that stuff
so I remember when I met your dad he
told me about it and I didn't believe
because who has that in their family
that's early something unique and
special well Chuck town was started way
back when with my grandfather and his
father and his brothers nobody started
their own community there wasn't slated
it was free members I have other places
just going back you know playing in a
little creek or river just running
through the through the area it still
you know sacred place for us as our
family of you know revolved around that
growing up every family has their
history and like the chubs the barclays
have learned from theirs
got anyone does amazing he's ready a
outside a box type of thinker and showed
me to thank different ways he's very
open honest about the mistakes he made
as a man that play the game we get
scared now the biggest thing I learned
from him is from his mistakes that he
made a life I was a good fighter you
know street fights whatever came at you
some people you gotta teach I was always
told how you know how to use my hands
when he came in the ring it just all
came together I thought was going places
and hurt myself big change drastically
that was it
my dad was a drug addict
I'm kind of getting choice either you're
coming with us or not we moved from New
York I'm I want to get out of that area
she had family in Pennsylvania where we
live now my mom wants to try something
new a better opportunity for her kids my
mom kind of told my dad that you got
gotta knock it out you got got stop it
and if you don't stop you're not coming
with me in drugs or her family my dad
made a right decision with family the
move to Pennsylvania puts a Quan
Berkeley in a better school and gave his
father a second chance I have a
proclamation today is sukwon Berkeley
day
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm waving that my daughter had made a
comment it's gonna be a lot of people
there and we kept saying add no make it
like maybe 50 people to most so it was
like we're driving down the site Wow
[Applause]
with their pro days approaching Bradley
Chubb and say Quan Barclay are back on
campus this is the home away from home
just the team meeting room one of my
favorite places because it just got
redone not too long ago you see all the
retired numbers in the back guys we look
up to see number nine right there Mario
Williams the Jersey I was honored to
wear this past couple years I've
definitely hope to be added to that
probably redo it give me in there on the
right side one day so hopefully that
happens not long ago the idea of chubbs
number being retired was nothing more
than a pipe dream coming out of high
school more than 700 senior recruits
were wrecked ahead of him came in with
the chip on his shoulder dad you know I
having the career he did at Georgia
brother having the Creary date at Wake
Forest definitely had something to prove
when he got here the sweat the hard work
the competition the yelling arguing the
music playing is saying in an audit this
is where all went down he was probably
one of the most talented players in the
country but I would guarantee is one of
the hardest-working
players in the country which makes him
special right here we got pretty much in
the glass case out of the great players
that came through here Russell Wilson
Phillip Rivers Mario Williams Mario
number one overall if I go with number
one overall you can happy to have he's
mentalize huh especially since this guy
didn't I was under way his number so it
definitely something that would be very
special what we've done really since
I've been a head coach he's trying to
have guys over they've been a part of
our family you know for for four years
essentially
not gonna see these guys for a long time
so have them over to house hang out with
the family get to see their moms and
dads it was good I think it's probably
as much of anything for me a little bit
of closure to say goodbye these guys
[Applause]
your family the cheetah the cheese oh
yeah this is what I really want
I was I was warming up 11:5
I'm invention as asshole I don't play
ping pong just let you know but I just
can't have fun
so ping pong you have a hole ping pong
table your house so you should be
meeting good time to say let's play
chess or something you can't change the
game
[Music]
hey say cause good game to me I'm a
gentleman and a coach Franklin came in
and with my but just isn't but I think I
see me a Connect four and he did I can
say our beats sake wanting something I'm
good pro day the final step of the draft
process it's here where a prospect stock
can soar nope or drop for say Quan
Barkley and Bradley shelf
it's about answering any remaining
concerns following their impressive
combines we get started I want you only
not everybody watch all you guys before
bust your ass which you've done all year
right there days couldn't have been more
different
[Music]
and there's no running back coach
there's run back coach doesn't know run
Rapids but like really it'll help me to
run Ross in front of a lot of senior
coach so there's no running back guys
here okay so you're not gonna do nothing
no more going through the drills hi
intense drills I did I did not see
coming but it was definitely a humbling
experience and I felt guys putting
through quite a workout one probably
didn't need to do and he attacked it for
God that just had the combine that he
did they even go through it says a lot
about us competitiveness
[Music]
I did not know it was gonna be there
seeing him coaching us up was like oh
this fart on Super Bowl when the coach
Belichick right here reaching this way
we're fan back news right all right
welfare so this way for you okay oh
thanks what for you disarmed all right
you got to see ya all right
[Music]
Liverpool enough step into the labor
flow break the power with your hand
rates of power just want to bag dude
I've just just hit the wrong way my
finger got jammed up it was one thing I
was like just shake it off
you'll be alright
[Music]
my stuff
yes Archer I'm gonna meet sir be serving
a thirty first high school football zone
that's amazing
obviously may not be a hundred seven
thousand people there but not every
games under lights in college that
Friday going to school that day when
your Jersey to school that day that's
where you start that's you just you want
to get to this part of you and your
journey in it starts there last time I
was here was like October for my bye
week
yeah for my Babak so was our Bobby yeah
no I ain't miss myself I ain't want to
show myself shit he looks gone
definition of chance my first memory of
them was at youth football at hawk down
hockey park and him running around after
practice
typical sake want practice was over but
he wasn't done he'd be running around
the field looking for someone to throw
the ball to that's where I went over 20
and I got the nickname when Lord Barry
Sanders high school football was I guess
you could say up and down for me he was
a little under sized he lacked in some
strengths early on middle school
freshman year and he saw kids stronger
than him I kind of had an idea of
quitting football I guess you could say
things were going my way I was being
mature my dad he told me someone should
quit something in life you can be a
quitter for the rest of your life and
you're gonna quit on your wife you're
gonna quit in family you gonna quit your
job and so he didn't allow me to quit
football I think once he put his mind to
that he was gonna be a great football
player he knew what he had to do he had
to put work in here in the weight room
and you know he gained confidence as he
grew physically I don't believe in being
average I don't settle for average
[Music]
I love taking on challenges if you
challenge me especially in part of my
game saying I'm not good in this area in
my game I'm gonna try to make that the
best part of my game I'll try to be a
complete player
he wasn't a big fan of punt returning
but uh they punted from their own 20
have all landed on about our 20 and the
entire Allentown Central Catholic punt
team was gathered around them he picked
it up and made about seven guys miss
went down the sidelines picked up some
good blocks cut back across the field
stopped started running again and scores
so it's about a 90 yard punt return
which helped us win a game that we were
losing 28 nothing at halftime so we
ended up winning that game 35 28 I
believe but I've made that constant
decision that I want to be a college
player and I want to try to be one of
the best players in high school that's
when everything changed for me so I'm so
used to just working my butt off and
waiting room because it worked for me
and I truly think what you're doing
waiting room translates to the football
field Holly will you go for
[Music]
go straight to my bar what straight to
2500 straight six my bow
these kids don't understand why they're
doing the things they're doing right now
but it all stems from when he was here
good job won't throw his stand-up stand
you stay the group of guys that he
played with with his leadership things
have changed since then for the good you
know guys don't just come in here put in
the time and want to go home you know
they know that it's part of the
Whitehall way to do extra work and he
started that even though you don't think
you could do a certain way you got up
challenge yourself and you see how a
challenge everyone else around you
however most are trying to - 25 - and
that wasn't the case if you didn't try
it no both no we're done a gentleman
happy with 215 or 210
even though you didn't get it you got
continued work for him continued around
and that's how you got attacked light
than football they'll continue to
challenge stuff like that our problems
if you continue to do that continue to
compete in that nature right there will
be the exception of us no wonder you
could tell you how that myself
keep doing something that when I'm not
here though I should be the one
challenging you you should be
challenging yourself
it doesn't take much for a Big Brother
to inspire a younger one and while
Bradley chubs older brother Brandon now
plays for the Detroit Lions
it was his high school career that made
the biggest impression I was like in
sixth or seventh grade and he was he was
in high school doing his thing so I was
like my ball boy now I'll be on the
field watching the game and all that
just getting to the student section the
parents out here by yelling and I felt
like I was in the game as well so seeing
my brother do his same just made me want
to come out here and just play to my
best his brother senior year you were
freshman crane and you had Kenyon at
running back and then Evan was etat in
but school opened in 2006 and Bradley
will be our fourth NFL guy and we didn't
play varsity football to 2008 he had to
play freshman football as a freshman
here and it wasn't because he was a
freshman it's just he wasn't ready to be
varsity and we had really good guys
really did he played JV as a sophomore
and it really took off as a a junior
went to an injury
came back as a senior and takes about a
year of an ACL to get to where you're
comfortable in you could see at times
and his d-line coach doesn't give a lot
of praise but he'd say when Bradley
wants to go Kenny by stopping in
elementary and pound balls not at every
time you made a tackle i made a play
named i called over the PA hear your
name call it felt like you don't think
cool and so in high school all the
students will be at the game and the
students exerci I wanted to make sure
everybody heard my name be called over
the PA system rather tailbone attacker
Bradley tell of law so I was something
that made me always run to the ball and
that's hot I feel like that's where I
really establish my motor the draft is
still two days away but Bradley Chubb is
already in Dallas there are still
decisions to be made for his arrival on
stage 200 200
by young thug and future can I change
that if I'm so conscious I know I need
this I don't things that beat well
that's perfectly actually hey my hair
beat yeah seven and a half
shut up CATV got in yesterday like five
o'clock had plenty of things I had to do
that tomorrow got some more media stuff
and Thursday's a big day so I'm excited
got all my stuff laid out on the bed
show you that class of 2018 21 to draft
week has brought the Chubb family
together for the Barclays it brought a
new addition say Quan Barclay spent the
days leading up to the draft welcoming
his new daughter Jada this week is
amazing two of the biggest blessings of
my life we were planning on a baby to be
here around April 14th Bob see the baby
was late and you know I actually wasn't
gonna come the doctor said they think
that she should get induced at the
timing was perfect I'd see the birth of
my child and live my dream
[Laughter]
she's passed on all her tests to the
here HSN
she's so alert it's crazy so you hold
and she's been blowing up the day
everybody saves and grants and stuff
everybody's the I know your phone's
gonna be blowing up so let me say now so
everybody has the idea say everybody's
blowing me out right now
far enough cool every prospect awaits
the moment their phone rings on draft
night when it happens for Bradley Chubb
he'll be surrounded by family
hopefully that includes his big brother
Brandon Brandon is at OTC Matt the
Detroit Lions they finish up today
twelve and he's taken a flight to Dallas
and then a helicopter to AT&T Stadium so
you will see Brandon today you have any
gut instincts on where you're going yeah
I got I got a gut feeling of somewhere
somewhere cold for sure
I'm not going I'm not sure if it's gonna
be by the Atlantic Ocean or by one of
those lakes up there so we'll see before
chub can get drafted he'll need to make
it onto the red carpet that could be a
problem without pants
it was very quick turnaround so keep
your fingers crossed
how's it coming out not good skin
nervous thank you jack begins in four
hours do you not think big me feel
really going on right now that's smoked
me that's my man I'm sorry it says it's
going one I'm finally gonna let you see
the inside Zephyrs White Hall to 121 and
then we're gonna take it to Penn State
hmm what made you black socks to wear
and i embroidered your baby girl's
monogram on it
everybody's doing anything for you gonna
keep these two bracelets on yeah
[Music]
we ready so like so well I like this and
this team - let's take one black boom
first thing first thing you do yeah okay
before I hug my mama I know you can hug
before you button I love that you asked
that question
[Music]
to have a straight check
I know you had the stock before everyone
exhibition or cross your name hey so
what he was telling me is where my name
get call they gonna push me so I'm not
gonna be able to stop man - salute you
feel me
so I'm hugging mommy and daddy the rest
I'm gonna lose him shit I can't hug
everybody but it's all love my brother
had to get on the helicopter make sure
he made it on time so you land it
alright now we wait we're gonna cut it's
on the crack gets good excited number
love
rounds are about to be put on the clock
is it Baker Mayfield is it darn 'old is
it Alan could it be Rosen could it be
Barclay could it be
Hey look who's here
I don't
[Music]
it's really Congrats
it's very important to come you practice
internet 12:30 I landed at 5:40 as soon
as I got off the airplane popped on
another terminal wrote a helicopter to
cap to AT&T Stadium and they got here
right it's on so if you're ready are you
ready
let's get it started the 2018 NFL Draft
is now officially open I'm not nervous
because like I know I'm gonna get
dressed it and now I just waiting game
like where who but that's they gonna
call this phone or this one this is kind
of like fun right right everyone just
sitting here like how you doing waiting
for a phone call
if a team pastor can I call them and be
like listen I promise you okay listen I
promise you you passing me and you're
gonna fill me for ten years one will the
Browns do first overall will of the
Baker Mayfield will it be
Sam Darnell the thought coming out of
the combine was that it could be say
Kwan Barclay Cleveland s selected the
New York Giants are on the clock
I mean tell me - tell me that's not me I
mean it's
take a cent well the pic is in guys if
it is darn 'old then the Giants might
get Barclays and be open for business
for another quarterback if it is
Mayfield
the roof will be torn off of this
building hey Kurt
no babies home Oh big and go go on
that's not good because they take bigger
one that means Sam darn on the board and
the giant said only quarterback they
would take it Sam done so that is not
good at all
that means I'll fall for it go between
me and Bradley Cho
so Baker going one it does not help me
with the first pick in the 2018 NFL
Draft the Cleveland Browns select Baker
Mayfield
[Applause]
hello
hello hey how you doing
I'm doing great sir
no I did it no I didn't say hey hey
how's it going
are you excited yeah thank you so much I
promise you guys I want you guys down we
know that that's why we picked you but
you got a whole room full of people here
and you got fans everywhere they're
gonna be just thrilled that you're gonna
be a giant so I can't wait to get you
here get you involved in some the first
of many great days of the giant we're
just thrilled I'm thrilled we're
thrilled and we can't wait to get you up
here and get you morning yeah so
[Music]
thank you so much I appreciate this so
much
[Music]
[Applause]
going back home
[Music]
with the second pick in the 2018 NFL
Draft
the New York Giants select
[Music]
[Applause]
the coach at Penn State in jeans
Franklin
we're safe on a couple nights every
becomes a new block
[Applause]
thank you thank you for respecting that
[Music]
born in your vaak Borna Bronson I had a
plane in New York so it's awesome
I've always want to play on the fusses I
was eight years old and I'm be doing in
a big blue the Jets have three and a
half minutes left on the clock they had
the opportunity to pick perhaps the
number one quarterback almost people's
ports Sam Donald and natural I expect
the pick to be in need of a quarterback
the Jets passing on Bradley Chubb isn't
a surprise but on draft night not all
predictions come to fruition the Browns
who had one point were linked to Chubb
with the first overall pick may now get
him with the fourth
hey happy that's well played on me
[Music]
[Applause]
who shocked everybody with the pick of
Baker Mayfield their second choice with
the fourth big in the 2018 NFL Draft the
Cleveland Browns select Denzel Ward
defensive back Ohio State
[Music]
[Applause]
one of that
[Music]
and furs now on the clock this is what
it is what have Abel Colts brought bucks
bears I know
youngster I'm okay hey I'm gonna play
football somewhere Elmo
now we kind of turned the table to
Denver a couple years ago with Super
Bowl how'd they win the Super Bowl coats
rushing the passer and you can see
Bradley Chuck joining the Denver Broncos
and having a chance to get him right
back there again
[Applause]
hello Regina what congratulations but
we're thrilled that you're a Bronco oh
man oh man I appreciate that
I appreciate that thank you so much side
about bronc I look forward to seeing you
when you get in here all right Wow Wow
Bronco windy picnic in the 2018 and a
belt Draft the Denver Broncos selects
Bradley job defensive end
[Applause]
[Music]
how about a big here
that's awesome sir Austin I appreciate
that thank you
[Applause]
impressed by his game
and now he's a teammate of Phil's the
Denver Broncos select Bradley
von Miller and somebody I watched
throughout all the college and try to
emulate in my game a little bit
being able to actually sit there and
learn from him we're gonna be huge Matt
HL expressed up to yes sir something
else I'll know
[Music]
eyes like so a little time
she came up with a list of names right
we didn't know the gender and I oh my
god you're adorable
yeah you know you're adorable you know
you're adorable huh and so I was a
hundred cents sure that was a boy and
she thought was a girl so she had like
ten boy names ten girl named probably
right probably right but I'm the one
that said Jada is gonna be the name okay
that's sure yeah I picked it out but you
confirm it so technically I picked the
name definitely curry the week it's kind
of like a like a movie some of these
they take out a story first and foremost
I'm just honored and blessed that I have
a daughter and Jada and be able to enter
fatherhood and always gotta try to set
the standard for her because her image
of a man's gonna be off of me she's so
smart she almost tried to hold it in
himself with her hand
there we go then you get Drive tickets
Olivia Olivia dream and the most
exciting thing about that was the fact I
had my parents and my family are there
and I'll see the excitement on their
face when my name got called and kind
just come off full circle and all the
sacrifices that my mom and dad made for
me and my siblings and for them to be
able to see me take another step the
whole week right there in itself is just
something I would cherish and serve I
never forget
Oh congrats to you too Bob
I shall see you soon and if though I'm
gonna need a Jersey yeah there's this
wall for so hey do we play the new play
officer no I'm scared no we don't you
don't
hey so so